Enhanced emt-contribution.md (#216)
open-edge-platform/edge-microvisor-toolkit: docs/developer-guide/emt-contribution.md

## Contribution Flow

> All contributing Pull Requests should target the `3.0-dev` branch. This branche is used for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All contributing Pull Requests should target the `3.0-dev` branch. This branch is used for
```

> development, testing and validation before a periodic merge to the `3.0` release branch by
> the project maintainers. The `3.0`, is the branch that is currently used for the publishing
> the official releases of the EMT images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
development, testing, and validation. It is merged to the `3.0` release branch by project
maintainers, at their discretion. The `3.0` branch is used for publishing official releases of the EMT images.
```
A proposition for a more concise message. For consideration.

  ```bash
  cd toolkit
  sudo make input-srpms REBUILD_TOOLS=y SRPM_FILE_SIGNATURE_HANDLING=update
  

> * The baseline branch for the pull request is ste to `3.0-dev`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The baseline branch for the pull request is set to `3.0-dev`.
```
